So what's missing now?
Well, obviously, I want to make sure that when we have items in the cart, we can hit that order button
here and add them to our orders screen and Fordice.
We need to manage orders.
Now, in my opinion, it makes sense to add a new class and you provided class for that because it doesn't
really fit into products there.
When I managed to products we can work with doesn't fit into cart because there I want to manage only
my cart, not the orders and product here is just a single product we use in products.
We could of course also move that product class into the product start fall.
So add a new fall orders dot start where I want to manage the orders we have in there.
We can create new class orders and I'll use with change notifier imported from Flutter Foundation Dodge
Dart, because of course we will provide it and we might have places in Yapp where we want to listen
to changes.
No end there.
I want to manage some orders, unsurprisingly, and for that, of course, we, first of all need to
define how our order should look like, just as with the cart here, all create my order item right
inside the same file.
You could do it in the separate file and each order should have an ID, should have an amount.
So the total amount to the quantity of items times the price.
So to say.
I also want to find out which products were ordered.
So I want to get a list of my products and they're actually of the card items, to be precise, because
I also want to find out which quantity was ordered and so on.
So I'll import my card file here so that I can use the card item class here and then have my products
here and all of the time at which this order was placed.
That's also something that's worth storing.
Then let's add the constructor and I will go with named arguments here to assign values to all these
properties.
Like this.
Woops, and that should be order item, of course.
And also, just as we did it earlier on, Mark, all these arguments here as required.
So that's an order item in the orders class will now have a list of such items selldown down there,
we can add a list of type order items which holds an order item orders, which is empty initially,
let's say.
And then here we can already at Geter, which returns are order items.
Named Orders, which returns a copy, again, by using or by creating a new list with square brackets
and then using the spread operator to take some items and move them into this new list.
So here are the items which are part of orders.
And I'm doing this so that from outside this class, we can't edit orders.
Now, what I need here is, of course, to add order method, which returns nothing but which is executed
when we click that order now button here on the card screen.
The idea here is to then add all the content of the card into one order.
So I should probably get a list of card items which will name card products here as an argument, maybe
already get the total.
If I already have that calculated, I don't have to redo it.
And then with that, we can add this as a new order.
So here we can try and reach out to orders to that list and.
Added as a new order were actually use insert with index zero to add it as the first element in the
list and will always add it at the end of the list with insert zero.
We added at the beginning of the list so that more recent orders are at the beginning of the list.
But that's totally up to you.
So here I'll use insert zero to add new order at the beginning of the orders list and move all existing
orders.
Well, one index ahead to the end.
And then here the element which should be added is, of course, a new order item.
And there we need to define an idea.
And for now, I'll use daytime now to string to get a pseudo unique ID.
Then we also need to define our.
Amount here, that's the total which I'm getting as an argument.
Then we have the current time stamp on there, we can just use DAIM time daytime now and we also need
to pass in our products that are just the card products which I'm receiving.
So with that, we're adding a new order and now in case we got someone who's listening, we want to
call notify listeners so that any places in the app which depend on orders are now updated.
Placing an order also means that we want to clear the cart, of course, because we ordered all elements,
so the cart should be cleared.
So the cart fall, we can add a new method, clearer cart or just clear whatever you want to name it,
and there able will set items back.
To an empty map and then call notify listeners.
We can now start using that.
First of all, we need to provide our orders class, right, because I plan on using that in different
places and yep, ever to dispatch actions like add a new order or to listen to my orders or fetch my
orders.
So where should be provided?
If we have a look at the main outfall, we'll definitely need orders in the card screen or at least
in a part of the card screen there.
And we'll add a new screen soon, which shows all orders.
So therefore we'll register a brand new screen which definitely needs access to the orders.
And therefore we also need to provide the orders here in the route app just because it's important.
Keep in mind, this does not mean that the entire app rebuilds when something changes there because
it's not the provider which causes a rebuild.
But the listener and the listeners are not here in the main widget.
They are in different widgets.
For example, in the card screen where we have our card provider ends on our listeners which rebuild
the UI they offer in MAINARD, we can now add another provider here or change notifier provider.
With dollar value, where the value is actually a new instance of orders, and for that, of course,
we need to import.
Our.
Order, does the dart fall from the provider's folder with that import that we create a new instance
here and provide that as a value?
And with that, we can listen to orders from anywhere in our application.
And of course, you already know it just as recommended before.
You shouldn't necessarily use the value constructor here.
So just to reemphasize, is the recommended approach here again, ask before would be that you use the
create function here in the normal constructor function of the change notifier provider for products,
Fourcade, and also here for orders, or of course, the builders function if you're using provider
packaged version free.
So that's the recommended approach.
Again, I mentioned it before.
It's just really important to me.
The other approach also works, but that's a better approach.